To be a better experience, we prepare a demonstration of fluorescence microscope and microfluidic for everyone. For our experiment we design and make lots of hardware, including microfluidics and light modulator. Microfluidics provide a platform to strict the behavior of C. elegans, and light modulator can modulate the pattern of light in time and space.
We use the fluorescence microscope in experiments, but it is difficult to take our big fluorescence from Shenzhen to Boston. To show the function and results of our light modulator.  We build a mini fluorescence microscope with a mini projector.  You can see here.
(指着说)Camera, objective, di-mirror, microfluidics, and our projector.
Firstly, we will show inside of microfluidic. In the order to show clear and beautiful image, we inject the  solution of sodium fluorescein into microfluidics rather than the buffer called M9, which is used in our experiments. You can see the channels very clear.

Then we will show how the light modulator work. In light modulator work. For light modulator, projector is a red and blue light source, which can form different pattern in space and time. We code a software suit to control the projector. Here are 4 rectangle, which indicate the place of C. elegans. All of the 4 rectangle  can move and resize, and are projected light with difficult color and intensity. Based on special algorithm, software will generate special image, which will be projected into microscope. Then the light from projector will focr
